yo what up uh I've been accused of being
pro vivisection by many many people it
amuses me somewhat that this was a
central part of durian riders defamation
against me in several of his videos he
would sort of make the the baseline
element of his attack against me the
claim that I was pro vivisection and
then he would proceed to build on this
series of Lies he would lie about the
order of events claiming that I
initiated violence against him when the
exact opposite is true he made threats
of violence against me and then I had to
deal with it he would lie about things
he made up at a thin air claiming that
was a wife beater claiming that I needed
to provide legal proof that I was not a
wife beater although amusingly by
complete coincidence i actually did
provide him with a current criminal
record check from canada that relate to
the job i had lined up in china i needed
criminal background check to get that
job so i did actually have a fresh
criminal record check which didn't
interest them you'll be shocked to know
he was not addressed the facts but it's
always been a sort of interesting light
motif among my stupidest and most
extreme critics that they want to claim
again and again that I am pro
vivisection now a small number of people
see those frankly defamatory attacks
against me it is defamation definitely
under Canadian law to say that I'm
vivisection in American Court it
probably would be but not really worth
talking about here um it is actually
defamatory to say that I'm pro
vivisection if you go to my youtube
channel and you search for the word
vivisection there are three videos that
have the recession in the title these
are not the only videos in which I
discussed the issue the politics of
animals being exploited in laboratories
the one video I would recommend most
actually does not have vivisection the
title those are all good videos too
don't get me wrong there's a recent
video called vegans versus the wildlife
management paradigm and I will give you
the link to that so as that title
suggests they're the main topic being
dealt with is wildlife management and
the question of how we think about
domesticated animals in contrast to wild
animals etc how
whoever in the midst of that video you
do get a rapid and somewhat emotional
emotionally charged rundown of what my
views are on vivisection how ridiculous
the response of the vegan community has
been I make contrast there that I've
made throughout my career on YouTube
throughout my couple of years here
making videos on YouTube I often make
comparisons to how we've quit smoking as
a society the movement towards the
abolition of cigarettes being something
very different from the abolition of
slavery being something very different
from the United States civil war a war
that was fought over the abolition of
slavery people like to compare things to
slavery often omit the fact that there
was a war involved I when American
slavery he thought about slavery in Sri
Lanka Douglas slavery in ancient Egypt
or ancient Greece you can say a lot
about slavery but you know all
comparisons are odious and the
comparison to slavery is in some ways
especially Otis and problem problematic
but the comparison to Appalachia within
the United States tends to overlook
tents overlook the Civil War people want
to say that somehow the future veganism
is going to be like the history of how
slavery was abolished um but outstanding
in the videos that are up you know
there's one video only 11 minutes long
vivisection an insider's perspective I
have actually spoken to some scientists
involved in research that exploits
animals whether it's vivisection
technically or not who are vegan who are
vegan who are pro vegan but who do
regard what they're doing in the
sciences as medically necessary as
beneficial to Planet Earth is making the
world a better place etc now what I want
to ask in this video in contrast to the
hyperbolic denunciation defamation of me
as someone who has probed in the section
there's a small number of intelligent
people who've heard those accusations
who looked at what I say about
vivisection and right away they figure
out that I am NOT probe of a session I
would love to abolish of a session
however like the abolition of cigarettes
it's going to be a long process unlike
cigarettes unlike the wearing of leather
the people who are engaged in
vivisection in animal research in the
exploitation of animals and laboratories
genuinely believe they're making the
world a better place rightly or wrongly
and some of them are right some of the
time some of them are wrong some of the
time etc but if you walk down the street
and you decide to verbally insult haha i
was kidding use another verb let's stay
with the insult if you as a vegan decide
to walk down the street and start
insulting people who wear leather
because you know we regard this as
immoral do you think you're going to run
into even a single person wearing
leather who would tell you hey I'm
wearing this leather jacket cuz I'm
trying to find the cure for cancer do
you think you talked to a woman wearing
high leather boots who would tell you
hey by wearing these leather boots I'm
making the world a better place I'm
wearing these leather boots for the
children for the future I'm wearing
these leather boots to produce vaccines
medicines cures for terminal illnesses
hey if your if your grandmother needed
these leather boots to save her life
would you refuse her the right to wear
these leather boots because they're not
vegan the level of hostility that vegans
have towards the use of animals in
medical research the use of animals not
just in researching medicines but
actually producing medicines is surreal
now as I said in the earlier video i
have my own sentiments on this matter
you there's a issue of passion / reason
here in the video a link below with
wildlife in the title I say passionate
look when I see photographs of even the
horseshoe crab being in a laboratory
being exploited being killed slowly to
to produce medicines that we have no
other way to produce it's deeply
horrifying to me um you know and even my
more sort of moderate videos I'm talking
about the pros and cons these issues in
a modern way you'll notice I use words
like you know abomination I do not refer
to the torturing animals and
laboratories in a value neutral way I
refer to it as something deeply
disturbing immoral etc to me however we
have to be able to recognize that this
is this is not something merely
motivated by greed the way that perhaps
slavery was obvious as a simplification
it's not merely motivated by speciesism
in a parallel to racism it's not merely
motivated by vanity in the way that
wearing leather is it's definitely not
motivated by addiction in the way that
smoking cigarettes is and you know as a
sighted we failed to get rid of
cigarette smoking even though nobody
smoking cigarettes in order to cure
cancer so you know it is a bit bizarre
but the question is what does it mean to
be anti-vivisection in veganism in the
21st century some of you who are older
will know immediately what it is I'm
about to be warning about in this video
some of you who are younger will not
understand at all what it is implicitly
that people like durianrider are
alluding to and getting at when they
denounce me in claiming that I'm that
I'm prova the session because I'm
willing to take a sort of nuanced and
complex view of these issues of one
video called vivisection in the next 10
years where I'm asking look it's easy
for us to make extreme statements about
how we want to get rid of all the
laboratories want to get rid of all the
kids okay how long you gonna live what's
gonna happen next 10 years what's in the
next 30 years can we ever get down to
brass tacks can we ever get down to
pragmatic you know models of activism of
engagement of making the world a better
place because I don't really want to
hear it to be honest you I don't want to
hear about how you're gonna liberate all
the animals in labs because for one
thing it's [ __ ] it's a haul of post
it's just macho posturing in your part
and on the other hand I'm actually
interested in as i said earlier video
i'm interested in winning i'm interested
in setting up political struggles that i
can win that can actually end in a
victory such as passing a law passing a
regulation creating a standard yes
public education changing the culture
those things are important to type a
vivisection ultimately we're talking
about government regulation period we
are government regulation of labs etc
and again keep wrestling I have my own
biases in this in terms of how academic
research works I have many many
experiences even outside of making even
for-profit research the way in which
proposals are written I'm very much
aware that while some percentage of
exploitation of animals some percentage
of vivisection can be justified in terms
of the ends justifying the means or
simply the total impossibility of
finding a better substitute you know in
some cases there's that there's a no
an animal a non animal killing way to do
the same work to do the same lab or to
get the same chemicals but in some cases
there are not so mentioned earlier as
horrifying as the horseshoe crab example
is right now medical science has no
known substitute for it etc under the
European Union guidelines all labs are
supposed to look for alternatives
they're supposed to prove that they've
exhausted the possibility of using any
better alternative before they can
torture animals of course it's
questionable whether or not that
actually happens blah blah blah and
there's also been a a movement in
medical science last 10-15 years
somewhat disturbing but we're thinking
about as vegans there's been a move
especially in Europe to try to use lower
orders of animals already a
human-centered notion but instead of
torturing monkeys to death to ask well
can we do the same lab work using
shellfish can we instead torture some
some clams to death I'm this kind of
thing now this also when you actually
start doing some research about it doing
some thinking about it the the
old-fashioned all animals are equal
species as view of the world becomes
very difficult to maintain do you
actually think that a mouse is equal to
a monkey do you actually think that
shellfish are equal to rabbits this
leads you down the path of ethical
questions that are very difficult to
answer and extremists almost by
definition want to give you simple
answers too complicated questions
obviously a complete imbecile like
durianrider just wants to defame me by
saying that I'm Pro vivisection anyone
who takes the time to to Google check
that to come to my youtube channel put a
sword vivisection it's going to find
that no I do want to end vivisection I
would love to but I'm willing to admit
that this is a much much more difficult
a nuanced self-contradictory situation
that vegans are drawn into then for
example how do we abolish leather
leather should be the simplest thing for
us to abolish and our attitudes towards
people who wear leather may be
completely contemptuous because leather
offers no benefit in the sense that
medical research does leather offers no
benefit in the sense that the production
of vaccines or medicines based on on
expedition animals does and yet do we
have any great success
to show in our attempts to abolish
leather you tell me why don't you name
one country in the world where leather
is illegal or where governments even
have laws in place to gradually phase
out the use of leather in the same sense
that we're trying to phase out the use
of nicotine the use of tobacco these of
cigarettes any takers not even India not
even Taiwan not even the countries that
the strongest vegan movement speaking
communities not even countries are the
largest percentages of vegans and
certainly not Israel right and we can
leather we can get rid of leather
tomorrow leather is perfectly
substitutable there are other things we
can substitute for leather instantly
with no loss to ourselves okay what does
it mean when my fellow vegans denounce
me as being prova possession I think
actually it's tremendously disturbing
for the future of this movement let's
take a look at the guy called Steve best
professor Stephen best he used to be a
famous name in veganism animal rights
etc I think his web presence has gone
pretty much silent since 2014 his blog
hasn't been updated etc I think it
started to go silent at the end of 2012
when he ran into a little bit of trouble
I'm going to read from an article
providing the link below from a science
blog called respectful insolence it is
an anonymously written blog the guys the
guys handle is Iraq to fake name
obviously so this is written from a
scientists perspective a scientist who
supports vivisection the exploitation of
animals in the pursuit of scientific
knowledge new medicines etc I began
quote it's no secret that I have little
but contempt for radical animal rights
activists I make no apologies for this
and quite frankly consider my contempt
for them well justified based on their
behavior and words be at their fetishes
fetishization of violence against
researchers ago I couldn't quite get
that word out don't have a lot of
practice saying that word there
fetishization of violence against
researchers who use animals they're
threatening of students in order to
frighten them away from careers in
scientific research that might involve
the use of annum
rules for example Elena Rodriguez
intimidating research by declaring their
children not off limits are not just
making threats of violence against the
professor's but the children of the
professor's trying to burn investigators
houses down harassing researchers and in
general behaving like criminals in their
quest to stop all animal research period
close quarters I just note there are
links within the text I've just read if
you guys want you can read along you can
click below and see the text these are
specific examples so he's not just
vaguely saying that animal rights
activists have tried to burn people's
houses down or tried to harass people or
threaten people's children he does have
links to examples throughout the whole
article I continue to read ah indeed
most recently I couldn't help but feel
the most satisfying sense of
schadenfreude ax when Camille Moreno
head loon at the animal rights blog
negotiation is over dotnet was finally
jailed for her activities overall nio
and Iona goshi ation is over is a group
that cleverly doesn't explicitly
advocate violence but makes threats and
tries it's best to intimidate other
luminaries in the animal rights movement
include Jerry Vlasic who embarrassingly
to me is a surgeon who is known for his
justifications for murdering researchers
again there's a link basically from my
perspective he exhorts with flaming
screeds of hate-filled rhetoric well he
maintains plausible deniability for his
involvement in any crimes that might
commit then there's Stephen best whose
recent activities have revealed what a
despicable piece of work he is
particularly his hypocrisy Stephen best
is a tenured professor of philosophy at
the University of Texas El Paso known
for his incendiary rhetoric for example
about how he wants to make his enemies
feel the fear is then a link to a
YouTube video the YouTube video is on
Stephen bests own YouTube channels this
was not someone exposing him this was he
posted this himself he recorded this he
was proud of this he shared this he
posted this himself that YouTube video
is called is titled dr. Steven best
colon every swear word who hurts animals
is going to feel the fee
and it is in day whether you call that
endorsing terrorism or what the meaning
of that is very clear so I'm going to
obviously I'm not reading right now I'm
pausing from the article I'm going to
note I myself have spent enough time
universities talking to career
professors about a vivisection that
these are issues that touch my life in a
way that it may not touch all of yours I
have spoken repeatedly to professors of
Buddhism professors of Buddhist
philosophy but why they didn't lift a
finger about animal rights on campus but
the questions of basically how the
exploitation of animals in laboratories
on their own campus is governed that
includes you know the famous professor
emeritus Richard Gombrich I've spoken to
both Buddhist professors who were famous
and not famous at universities that were
famous universities that were not famous
gombrich is at Oxford England one very
memorable example was actually a
university and hospital in Taiwan famous
their famous to me they're famous if you
care about Buddhism this in hualien
Taiwan they have both the university and
a hospital that are obviously paid for
ultimately by donations from from
Buddhists Buddhist people and yet at
this Buddhist hospital whether you know
they're literally they're paintings of
the Buddha up all the food i think is
vegan it's at least vegetarian maybe
they have some dairy on hospital you
know the hospital food is in principle
vegan or vegetarian there are in terms
of their ethics there's supposedly a
Buddhist organization and yet
nevertheless they had vivisection of
animals they had animal exploiting
animal killing research on that
university campus on that medical campus
on that on that University property to
me that's baffling I did talk to people
about it and uh I and my wife who's now
my ex-wife I'm divorced case entered my
ex-wife looked into articles on articles
that are quotations and interviews with
the professors so you can be in some
especially bizarre situations and trying
to address these questions of the ethics
of animal research and exploitation
within universities and I myself have
done more of that than the average vegan
because of the peculiar life I've lived
in both be engaged with many many
universities talking to so many
professors and so many campuses
and because I was engaged with Buddhist
philosophy where it seems to me it's a
no-brainer if you're a professor but its
loss he talks about the importance of
not killing a mosquito you know you may
actually the lecture about the
philosophy of not killing insects in
Buddhism it's a big deal in Buddhism
when I was a practicing Buddhist I tried
very hard to avoid killing insects to
avoid killing cockroaches and when I
stopped being a Buddhist I changed I
lost my faith you can see earlier
YouTube videos on that too um but yeah I
can remember working very hard to scoop
out a cockroach and keep it alive and
set it free that was inside my suitcase
when I was in northern Laos in Southeast
Asia used to really try my best
sometimes the cockroaches would end up
getting killed anyway but it was it was
a struggle being vegan is still a
struggle but I don't I don't kid myself
with that stuff anymore I'm I've had to
deal with mosquitoes bed to deal with
bedbugs real people do real things and
sometimes there's a real body count
especially in the indian sex lives and
the production of all fruit and
vegetables kills insects production of
all grains kills insects and again i
have made videos in the past about this
in contrast to some of the extreme
rhetoric that vegans offer um but we
continue my point is here steven best
although as your vote to hear he does do
unethical and illegal things basically
what he is trying to do is radicalize
and reformed university campuses in
reference to a vivisection exploitation
of animals so it's kind of a movement
within universities but what I ask you
will just set this up now and keep
reading do you really think that the
effect of this type of intimidating
violence anti-vivisection actions do you
really think it impairs scientific
research you really think it makes
universities consider oh gee we better
get rid of these people doing for
example original research on cancer
cancer therapy or do you think it makes
the university's want to get rid of
people like Steven vest does it make
universities think forget it we don't
want to have a course in animal rights
we don't want to employ a professor
career academic talking about
veganism animal exploitation future
about know that what do you think the
real impact is there is a much bigger
impact on us on vegans very real within
academia I me know in society as a whole
this also makes us look like lunatics
but within academia very rapidly that's
going to create a chill where people say
look you can't give a tenured academic
post to some guy who lectures about
veganism animal rights forget it you
can't give a position at a university to
someone who cares passionately about
ecology and you cease veganism as one
aspect of ecological progress or even
legal and moral part you can't do that
it'll be a disaster just look at this
guy Steven best just look at these legal
cases attached you just look at that's a
big chill that's a major chilling effect
um the impact for the cancer researcher
is they're doing anything like
legitimate research it's not it's not a
chill that way and I'm sorry I have so
much to say about this I have read of
course examples of again I don't wanna
sell the stuff so much because I have
earlier videos on the topic i have read
examples of animal exploiting research
that could not have possibly discovered
anything legitimate with the nature of
the research proposal to begin with was
deeply flawed the way the lab report
destructors deeply flawed where they
were really killing animals for no
reason that's a huge ethical issue and
the question of how we can prevent that
you know before the lab takes place or
before the funding is granted or what
have you i think it's a tremendous
question for political science and i
myself have been involved in projects
not none of them involving scientific
research in this sense you know in the
social sciences political science social
researching social problems etc but
there are situations where research have
done both private sector and academic
what have you you're sitting around with
people it's like oh great you know we
have to get we have to get eight funding
proposals written by the deadline and
the deadline is on tuesday so we have
like two proposals that are really good
but we're afraid we won't get the
funding to do this research so quick we
have only a couple days let's come up
with six new research proposals that's
one of the reasons why some of these
some of these labs are so ridiculous
sometimes just to keep up their budget
just to keep the the program rolling uh
you know people
I remember one project on I was asking
you know people are up why is the
proposal so bad why is the research
proposal so so we're relevant to the
project and someone took me aside and a
minute to me they only had a couple of
hours to write this research proposal
again some deadlines you know putting in
a bid to get research funding so they
took a proposal for a totally different
project deleted a few of the keywords
replaced them with other keywords and
then put this thing before the deadline
I've seen stuff that time when I was at
Cambridge University I remember me and
my wife now my ex-wife talking to this
one guy he didn't realize the deadline
for research research proposals for
specific type of research was that day
so he had like two hours to come with a
proposal we verbally were giving him
advice then he went away and did the
paperwork and so on he got the money to
you know the real world of academic
research funding proposals the structure
of how projects are selected and
approved is something I do have personal
experience with even though I'm not at
all in the medical of not pure medical
sciences or anything like that I'm not
not involved in anything that ever
involved torturing animals to death but
it is very easy for me imagine how it is
that terrible projects that exploit
animals for no reason do get money and
do end up killing animals again and
again you can find me read examples of
that however as as easy as it would be
for me to believe as politically
convenient as it would be for me to
believe or pretend that absolutely a
hundred percent of animal research is in
that sense exploiting animals for no
good reason have no meaningful findings
are not producing medicines it would be
the most convenient thing in the world
for me to adopt that posture and tell
you this is a hundred percent redundant
this is a hundred percent useless
meaningless these animals be torture for
no reason the way that the production of
leather is a hundred percent obsolete
and redundant I would love to be able to
say it's you but that would be a lie and
I am NOT here to preach a religion
that's based on a lie i'm not here to
support a political movements based on
the line i'm interested in the truth
even if that truth is complex and self
contradictory alright we continue quote
Steve best was also called co-founder of
the North American animal liberation
press office and is widely known for his
violence is legitimate even preferred
methods a method of achieving total
animal liberation the concept behind his
views is extensional self-defense
whereby best and his fellow travelers
have decided they're completely
justified in using violence to achieve
their aims or preferably in inducing
various dupes to commit whatever crime
it takes to stop animal research close
quote I just note in Steven vests
defense he claims that he only supports
crimes against property not crimes
against people that is debatable I have
an earlier video also in which I
directly skewer this idea that you can
separate crimes against property from
crimes against people you can see my
critique of Gary pardon me Gary
Yourofsky on that talking about
liberation front and have at least one
video also talk about Steven best
directly so best does have a
counter-argument to these points I
personally do not find the counter
argument convincing and this scientist
is obviously summering up from his uh
he's summing it up from his perspective
which is of course unflattering to Steve
best I continue to read quote consistent
with the concept of extensional
self-defense and speeches like the one
above best used to be affiliated with
nio in a big way being a frequent
contributor to its blog as recently as
last year and having apparently actively
assisted Marino and her wandering band
of animal rights thugs in a more
material way as described at death and
taxes last year's again there's a link
these are all very see links to audio
recordings articles youtube videos etc
throughout the article I continue
basically best appears to have allowed
nio to use one of his paypal accounts
to collect donations to be used as a
bounty for snitches willing to provide
the addresses phone numbers and personal
information of students and professors
whose research used animals whom nio
would target for harassment Moreno and
best seemed to be the best of buddies
comrades-in-arms and the eternal
struggle to harass and frightened
vivisectors until they gave up animal
research etc close quote um you see you
tell me why why would this be
justifiable for vegans when they're
harassing threatening and intimidating
scientists research scientists at their
homes research night is and their
children apparently at their
um when those research scientists
believe rightly or wrongly they're
finding the cure to cancer they're
making the world a better place this
sporting the progress of science why why
is it that vegans would not do this
against someone who simply chooses to
wear leather leather isn't going to find
the cure for cancer leather is going to
make the world a better place this is
obviously just a ludicrous radical power
trip you know based on the idea that
these people can become legends legends
in their own mind can become influential
and important you know by using these
immoral unethical unsympathetic
dead-ended tactics that you know will
make it impossible for you to ever
advocate for real legal reform and
social change yah you're destroying your
own opportunity to participate in
electoral democracy you're destroying
the opportunity to make real political
change in embracing phony political
change that totally discredit you and
described as meals or discredits all of
us discredits all vegans terrible
negative side effects earthing but you
know look you're not living in Egypt
you're not living in China this is in
the United States of America and Steve
best you have the easiest life
imaginable you're paid to grade papers
and university you you have a home you
have stability you have a steady income
as a tenured professor and this is the
best way you can think of to make a
better place you want to pay people to
snitch on where research scientists
homes are so you can go there and
threaten them and sickening it's
sickening and it's stupid and it's
counterproductive and if this is what it
means to be anti-vivisection I'm Ivanoff
said I am NOT pro vivisection but all
you guys if anyone is stupid enough to
believe durianrider when he says that
I'm pro vivisection you take a good hard
look at who it is in the vegan movement
who identifies as anti-vivisection you
take a look at what that really means
what it means right now this article's
2012 okay there's a huge shadow hanging
over us and if your whole life is on
youtube if you don't deal with real
world animal rights conferences animal
rights activists you may not be aware of
it you may not have had to deal with it
but yes there's a huge shadow hanging
over us that stems from
from people like this from the legacy of
this this kind of activism this type of
overtly criminal overtly violent
activism and with it this article
continues I won't read it all so quote
not anymore it would appear late last
month in a delicious twist of fate
Stephen best and camille moreno had a
bit of a falling out the entertaining
the ironic thing about this whole
kerfuffle between the two is that when
his own preferred in methods of
intimidation and threats were turned
against him suddenly bests bravado and
rhetoric were no longer quite so bold
suddenly his proclamations of having no
fear were not quite so full-throated in
fact they were non-existent whereas best
is known for encouraging violent action
on his website publishing on his website
the names photos and addresses of the
scientists he targets and speaking
internationally but his justifications
for extremism up to and including
violence in the service of animal rights
activism when such tactics were turned
against him he did not like it not one
little bit so there are quotations here
pertaining to I'm pausing the article
I'm going to skip some stuff pertaining
to a restraining order that Steve best
then had issued against some of his
fellow animal rights activists some of
the people who had been his colleagues
in his overtly violent form of activism
when there was some dispute and they
turned on him he did indeed run to the
cops to try to get protection now again
my research on politics relevant to this
meckstroth University role to this but
also my research related to cults you
know religious phenomenon religious
cults very often when people start a
cult what they're doing whether or not
they realize it is creating a crossroads
that attracts a certain type of person
yeah it's like you know if you if you're
trying to recruit the most violent
members of other biker gangs to start
your own biker game that's openly what
you're trying to do you don't want
average members of biker gangs you want
the most violent members of biker gangs
um guess what kind of problems you have
including problems of people question
your leadership like so you know Steve
best gets questioned by people who he is
himself been leading but there
people who you know he chose them and
they chose him because they want to be
part of the most extreme most violent
aspect of animal rights activists and
they wanted to be in this very
uncompromising and extreme milia so you
know you create a crossroads to attract
and reward the attention of a certain
type of people then you see what you get
very often cults that do not openly
endorse you know mass murder end up
involved in mass murder for the same
reason these same set of patterns ever
peterlee warned again if you if you look
at the history of any extreme political
movement people who are even members of
the IRA the Irish independence movement
Irish pokin army people members the IRA
most of the time what they were afraid
of was being murdered by other members
of the IRA the use of torture within the
IRA the use of torture on its own
members persecution etc is extreme and
again many historical communist movement
communist that even tiny ones I research
on one of the Communist moons within
Japan the Red Army Faction Japan you
know mostly young university educated
people in Japan informed a communist
group and you know they start murdering
each other immediately they start using
you know violence and torture and so on
against one another no they did kill
some other people too that that group
was violent many ways but this is
certainly a pattern you can see in under
many different headings in political
science and in the the study of religion
and honestly veganism the 21st century
shares some elements of both it shares
some elements of being an extremist
political movement and some elements of
being a cult-like religious movement and
I can admit it and I can I can address
those problems because I want to learn
from the past I want to learn from
history I don't want to repeat the
mistakes of us really want to repeat the
mistakes from 2012 or 2001 much less
from the last the last century anyway i
guess i will stop reading this article
here yeah i mean various other ironies
of steve bests mode of trying to
intimidate western academia into
abolishing the V session based research
are reflected on and this are the author
the anonymous author of this article
obviously is a long history of following
the particular careers of the
when two activists who are involved in
this story so look ultimately this video
like my channel is about me I did not
make this channel seeking a mass
audience I certainly never expected the
adulation or support of thousands of
people or tens of thousands of people
and it's a good thing that's not what
I'm looking for because that's that's
not what I'm going to get you know I've
said many times this is not intro to
Buddhism this is not a little slip there
it's also down into the bosom this is
not in short of veganism this is not
veganism 101 this channel is really to
provide meaningful discussions and
hopefully eventually to instigate some
meaningful organization and activism for
people who are already advanced in
veganism people who have already heard
it all before and some of you watching
this video have heard this all before
but for some of you it's really new it's
a new set of considerations we have a
problem with violence within veganism we
have a problem Duras durianrider
directly threatened me with violence and
trying to kick me out of Thailand or
send me to jail or whatever and him
defaming me and claiming them white
beard service that you guys already know
that we have a problem with literally
thousands of vegans claiming that I
secretly work for the CIA that I'm part
of some conspiracy on the basis of the
notion that I'm pro vivisection that I'm
a fake vegan because I'm allegedly pro
vivisection that's a problem that
reflects many dark elements of human
nature within veganism that are going to
be very very hard for us to overcome now
I don't accept accept someone as vegan
if they wear leather boots I don't I
think there is a grounds to in effect
kick someone out of your your group of
vegans if you have some ways willingly
buying and wearing leather and calling
themselves vegan you say look I'm sorry
we got rules you can't be part of the
club if you don't really spend the time
and make the effort to phase out leather
in your life this is this is not
negotiable I would never kick someone
out of the club because they rely on a
medicine that was produced
by research exploiting animals I would
never do that the basic concept of
veganism was as you guys know to do
what's possible and practical I would
never kick someone out because their
grandmother is getting treatment for
cancer or just ridiculous all the
contradictions letting you because
they've taken vaccines anti-venom is
another one okay so you're bitten by a
poisonous snake any venom that's you
know based on the exploitation of
animals you know we've got to have the
maturity to recognize the complexities
of the situation we're in presently but
also the paradox were drawn into if we
demand immediate change if we make it
like negotiation is over like the like
the like the name of this ridiculous
group implies it's a total paradox as a
tiny minority a despised minority
politically that you demand either we
have total social change meeting our
ethical standards now or nothing I would
say the exact opposite of negotiation is
over it's not the case at all the
negotiations over negotiation has not
even begun negotiation has not even
begun yet we're not in a negotiating
position we're nobody we're nothing
we're just an idea on the internet and a
couple of crummy do nothing
organizations none of which is even as
big as pettah you know none of which is
as big as the Catholic Church none of
which is as influential as the Communist
Party of China even some other communist
parties in Europe you know none of none
of which is as big or influential as the
Green Party in Germany you know some
countries in Europe have a very
successful Green Party's versus luck
illogical movements we're really nobody
and nothing and you want to say
negotiation is over and you're going to
move straight to to violent revolution
message it's not a joke sadly it's it's
it's deadly serious and it's ruining
people's lives and has tremendously
negative impacts around the world even
for vegans like me